fresh books is the number one cloud
accounting software a custom built for
the way that you want to work for your
free unrestricted 30-day trial go to
fresh books calm slash Linus CES and
speaking of number one this is my
favorite case of the show so far it has
such beautiful steel that I thought it
was aluminum for like a while then
there's tempered glass on the front and
on the side this front is a really cool
custom reservoir by der Bauer who worked
in collaboration on this case but the
one that you get if you buy it will show
up as a clean tempered glass clear front
panel ok but why is it that special well
the price if you get it with no fans is
one $29.99 if you get it with three RGB
fans with aluminum frames it's one 59:19
all the panels on this case are tooless
although to remove them you'll have to
remove the top one first it has two
captive thumb screws on the back that
you can just slide it back and lift it
right off for now we're gonna remove the
back panel this guy has two big meshed
filtered breathing holes this one on the
left here is for the radiator that could
be attached to the three fans that are
in the front and this one on the right
hand side is for your power supply and
your hard drives but the power supply
and hard drive positions can switch
around and be changed so you could have
two power supplies in here if you wished
and you took away this hard drive
mounting location or like I expect most
people will have it configured is like
it is now or with these positions
swapped now this hard drive Bay you can
access them through the back through
this little panel that's back here it's
just one more thumb screw which can be
two lessly removed and then you can
actually slide out the trays through the
back so everything is nicely accessible
well we're back here I'd like to draw
attention to this large plate in the
middle you can mount one three and a
half inch drive up here or one two and a
half inch drive and a little bit lower
down you can mount also another two and
a half inch drive those drives would go
on the inside so you actually close the
case but you can remove the plate with
the two screws up here or one screw down
here in order to mount those drives
before you put it inside and it doubles
as a way to hide your potential cable
mess if you decided to be a little bit
lazy in terms of front i/o you have a
power button two USB three type-a ports
a headphone
microphone jack and USB type-c port and
that is all mounted onto a brushed
aluminum plate which is great because
all the areas that you're really going
to be focusing on when you look at this
case the front and the inside are
covered by tempered glass and aluminum I
mentioned earlier how you could buy the
O 11 dynamic with three RGB fans
included that brings us to their update
of their Borah line of fans we're gonna
start with the Borah plus 120 a three
kit of these with their addressable RGB
version which you can control through
their custom software with a whole bunch
of different lighting modes including
CPU usage levels CPU temperature levels
drive temperatures and a ton of other
stuff is $99 for the three fan kit and
the controller now if you step down from
there get the same three awesome fans
but it's you it's managed by an external
physical controller that's $69.99 for
the three fans and the controller and
then if you step down from there again
we're not going to low end fans we're
just going to a step down from the Borah
plus you get what I'm going to call and
they've been kind of saying around here
the Borah light but that is not the
official name for it and that's this guy
I actually personally to possibly their
dismay think that it might look better
because the RGB is on the inside the
LEDs I should say on the inside are
actually hidden by the middle sticker
and it looks like the fan is just
glowing from nothing which i think is
really cool that is managed by your
motherboard through just a simple PWM
connector and is $39 for three of them
the O 11 dynamic and the new Borah fans
are both cheaper than I expected much
more affordable than I expected I
thought this case was going to be closer
to 200 $250 speaking of affordability
and managing money fresh books is the
number one cloud accounting software so
if you need to manage your invoices
create invoices in 30 seconds or less
see if your customers have seen your
invoices or not take online payments all
that easy to use kind of stuff so you
can actually focus on running your
business and doing things like building
computers or making terrible terrible
segues into sponsor spots you can
actually just run fresh books and your
whole life will be more simple go to
fresh books comm forward slash line of
CES and enter Linus tech tips and the
how did you hear about a section for
your free unrestricted
30-day trial if you liked this video
like it if you dislike this video
dislike it stake subscribe to see all
the rest of our CES content and I will
try to make my sponsor spot a little bit
better a segue next time